---
layout: acs-aem-commons_feature
title: Quickly
description: Quickly navigate AEM
date: 2014-11-12
thumbnail: /images/quickly/thumbnail.png
tags: acs-aem-commons-features beta
categories: acs-aem-commons features authoring
initial-release: 1.9.0
---

h2. Beta

Quickly is in Beta. Full cross-browser support is not yet available. Quickly injects itself into pages immediately before the closing body tag. Quickly uses AngularJS 1.3.

h2. Purpose

Navigating all of AEM's Web UI's can be slow.

h2. How to Use

* Define a @sling:OsgiConfig@ to enable the Quickly engine

@/apps/mysite/config.author/com.adobe.acs.commons.quickly.impl.QuicklyEngineImpl.xml@

{% highlight xml %}
<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<jcr:root xmlns:sling="http://sling.apache.org/jcr/sling/1.0" xmlns:cq="http://www.day.com/jcr/cq/1.0" xmlns:jcr="http://www.jcp.org/jcr/1.0" xmlns:nt="http://www.jcp.org/jcr/nt/1.0"
    jcr:primaryType="sling:OsgiConfig"
    results.mode="[dev]"/>
{% endhighlight %}

* Set `results.mode` to blank for authoring oriented results
* Set `results.mode` to `dev` for developer oriented results in the console (like CRXDE Lite). This includes all the "authoring" Web UIs.

h2. Supported Browsers

h3. Open Quickly

OS X Chrome/Safari
*  ctrl-space

OS X FireFox
* shift-ctrl-space

Windows Chrome/Safari
*  ctrl-space

Windows FireFox
* shift-ctrl-space

h3. Close Quickly

* Esc

h2. Operations

<div class="section">
h3. Help

The help menu.

* Command: `help`
</div>

<div class="section">
h3. Back

List of last 25 accessed URIs in AEM by the user. Values are stored in local storage in the user's Web Browser.

* Command: `back`
</div>

<div class="section">
h3. Go

Go to a list of pre-defined Web UIs.

* Command: `go`
* Supports `go!` which opens Web UI in a new browser tab
</div>

<div class="section">
h3. Docs

Access Adobe's AEM documentation.

* Command: `docs`
* Command: `docs [search-term]`
</div>

<div class="section">
h3. Lastmod

Find the last modified CQ Pages by user and date.

* Command: `lastmod`
* Command: `lastmod [userId] [time ago]`
</div>

<div class="section">
h3. Favorites

List of last 25 accessed URIs in AEM by the user. Values are stored in local storage in the user's Web Browser.

* Command: `*`
* Command: `* rm` 
  * Removes the select Favorite
</div>



